I will follow you home and kill your dog.
Is it gonna be you or your surviving family who pay the price?
You fucking idiot. Probably won't even notice the blood on your walls tomorrow.
I've just began to fill your house with deadly gas.
Will they even notice when you're gone?
Don't bother running. You'll only meet your fate sooner.
How does it feel knowing no one will be there to save you.
Your house will begin to crumble at any minute
Do you have any friends or do they just feel bad?
Go ahead, retard https://kekma.net
Who gave this idiot a computer?
Bruh.
At least you tried, fool
Damn bro you got the whole squad laughing
Ling will subject you to a mandatory no-consent butthole examination
Don't even try and escape, you are too dumb to find the exit.
Might as well kill yourself, you're not going to last so long dumb like you are.
Are you actually okay with yourself being so damn ugly?
You're actually dumber then <@795672859115913286> and that's pretty rare.
Your mom left your dad for me. I give the best sex.
You're really funny. I'm laughing.
You useless piece of shit.
You absolute waste of space and air.
You uneducated, ignorant, idiotic dumb swine.
You're an absolute embarrassment to humanity and all life as a whole.
The magnitude of your failure just now is so indescribably massive that one hundred years into the future your name will be used as a moniker of evil for heretics.
Even if all of humanity put together their collective intelligence there is no conceivable way they could have thought up a way to fuck up on the unimaginable scale you just did.
When Jesus died for our sins, he must not have seen the sacrilegious act we just witnessed you performing, because if he did he would have forsaken humanity long ago so that your birth may have never become reality.
After you die, your skeleton will be displayed in a museum after being scientifically researched so that all future generations may learn not to generate your bone structure, because every tiny detail anyone may have in common with you degrades them to a useless piece of trash and a burden to society.
No wonder your father questioned whether or not you were truly his son, for you'd have to not be a waste of carbon matter for anyone to love you like a family member.
Your birth made it so that mankind is worse of in every way you can possibly imagine, and you have made it so that society can never really recover into a state of the organization.
Everything has forever fallen into bewildering chaos, through which unrecognizable core, you can only find misfortune.
I would say the apocalypse is upon us but this is merely the closest word humans have for the sheer scale of horror that is now a reality.
You have forever condemned everyone you love and know into an eternal state of suffering, worse than any human concept of hell.
You are such an unholy being, that if you step within a one hundred foot radius of a holy place or a place that has ever been deemed important by anyone, your distorted sac religious soul will ruin whatever meaning it ever had beyond repair.
You are an idiotic, shit-eating, dumbass ape and no one has ever loved you.
You are a lying, backstabbing, cowardly useless piece of shit and I hate you with every single part of my being.
Even this world's finest writers and poets from throughout the ages could never hope to accurately describe the scale on which you just fucked up, and how incredibly idiotic you are.
Anyone that believes in any religion out there should now realize that they have been wrong this entire time, for if divine beings were real, they would never have allowed a being such as you to stain the earth and this universe.
In the future, there will be horror stories made about you, with the scariest part of them being that the reader has to realize that such an indescribable monster actually exists and that the horrific events from the movie have actually taken place in the same world that they live in right now.
You are the absolute embodiment of everything that has ever been wrong on this earth, yet you manage to make it so that that is only a small part of the evil that is your being.
Never in the history of mankind has there been anyone that could have predicted such an eldritch abomination, but here you are.
It's hard to believe that I am seeing such an incredible failure with my own eyes, but here I am, so unfortunately I cannot deny your existence.
Even if I did my very best, my vocabulary is not able to describe the sheer magnitude of the idiotic mistake that is you.
Even if time travel someday will be invented, there still would not be a single soul willing to go back in time to before this moment to fix history, because having to witness such incredible horrors if they failed would have too many mental and physical drawbacks that not even the bravest soul in history would be willing to risk it.
I cannot imagine the pure dread your mother must have felt when she had to carry a baby for nine months and then giving birth to such a wretched monster as you.
Not a single word of the incoherent, illogical rambling you may be wanting to do to defend yourself or apologize would ever be able to make up for what you just did.
The countries of the world would have wanted to make laws preventing such a terrible event like this from ever happening again, but sadly this is not possible since your horrific actions just now have shattered every form of order this world once had, making concepts such as laws irrelevant.
Right from the moment I first set my eyes on you I knew you were an absolute abomination of everything that is wrong with humanity.
I was hoping I would have been able to prevent your evil from being released upon this world by tagging along and keeping my eye on you, but it is clear to me now that not even the greatest efforts would have been able to prevent a terrible event in this scale from occurring.
You are the worst human being, or even just being in general, that I have ever had the misfortune of witnessing.
Events like the infected plague apparently only happened with the goal of teaching humanity to survive such a horrible event as the one you just created, but not even mankind’s greatest trials were able to even slightly prepare anyone for the insufferable evil you have just created.
If you ever had them, your children would be preemptively killed to protect this universe from the possibility of anyone in your bloodline being even half as bad as you are, except you will never be able to have children, because not a single human being will ever want to come within a hundred-mile radius of you and anything you have ever touched.
You are a colossal disappointment not only to your parents but to your ancestors and entire bloodline.
The disgusting mistake that you have just made is so incredibly terrible that everyone who would ever be to hear about it would spontaneously feel an indescribable mixture of immense anger, fear, and anxiety that emotionally and physically they would never truly be the same ever again.
The sheer scale of your mistake, if ever to be materialized, would not only surpass the size of the world, but it would reach far beyond the edges of the known, and almost certainly the unknown universe.
I could sit here and write paragraphs, nay, books describing your immense failure, yet even if I were to dedicate my life to describing the reality of what has just gone down here, and I would spend every moment of it until my heart stops beating working as hard and efficiently as possible, yet there is not even a snowballs chance in hell that I would be able to come close to transcribing the absolute shitshow you have just released upon the world.
You are an irresponsible, idiotic, disgusting, unloved, horrible excuse for a living being whose soul contains less humanity than every ginger in history combined.
The absolute disgust I feel when thinking about anything that has even a slight resemblance to anything that might have to do with you and your unholy actions is so incredibly great that when I am honest about it I think that even I do not possess a consciousness great enough to comprehend my own feelings about it.
When people of Columbia fought to break free from Lungmen, countless soldiers fought and lost their lives in favor of a chance at a better future for their children, they did not give their lives to have you fuck the world up beyond repair to the degree that you are doing right now.
Honestly, even when technology advances and studies on the subject become more and more accurate, I do not think humanity will ever truly be able to understand what your failure actually means for the universe.
My hate for you and everything you stand for is so much deeper than the depths of Shambala that you could probably take the entire Lungmen population down there and back up around twenty million times before you would have sunk to the end of my hate, and honestly, I do not want to exaggerate, but I think that that insult was low balling it such a massive amount that all mountains in this world combined would not be able to stack up to this imprecise judgment in light of the fact that when being honest, my hate is almost certainly bottomless.
There is no one in this world that has ever loved you, and especially after what you just did, no one will ever love you in the future either.
There is no hope that your idiotic behavior and especially your crooked soul will ever change for the better, and in fact, quite the opposite might be true.
By making the mistake that you just did, you have shown me that you are so incredibly hopeless that you will only devolve into a more idiotic and wretched creature than you already are.
The only possible way in which your future would be brighter than the black hole your existence currently is would exclusively be because there is absolutely no conceivable way that you would even be able to sink lower than the pathetic place your current failure has put you in.
But then again, you are so incredibly abominable that you would probably be able to surpass the worst conceivable failure a living being could possibly make.
You are so incredibly pathetic that you are honestly not worthy of any more of my words nor my time.
Just know that I will forever detest you for your failure and everything you stand for.
No matter what happens, I will never forgive you.
You are a gross, disgusting swine, and like a swine you shit out the most disgusting shit you can shit and eat it up chewing it with your mouth open for the world to see arrogantly believing you are eating gourmet cuisine that people are blessed to even witness.
But the truth is just talking to you curses anyone unfortunate to have done so. My life could have been good, I could have been happy, but anyone who meets you has to suffer.
You dolt, you dumbass, you incredibly stupid person. Your idiocy is contagious. Just reading that message, my IQ has dropped 6 points.
Oh time, oh the time the time I spent on you that will never be returned, you somehow waste more time than the space you take up!
I would insult your looks but your personality is uglier then the ugliest person in human history.
I thought you were a loser at everything, but realized you could win the nobel prize of being retarded.
